#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
accumulation-tree==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tdigest
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
authlib==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
banal==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   languagecodes
blinker==1.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
build==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   click
    #   pytest
cryptography==37.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   authlib
    #   jwt
distlib==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   virtualenv
filelock==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jwt==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
languagecodes==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pylama
mysql==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
mysql-connector-python==8.0.29
    # via -r requirements.txt
mysqlclient==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mysql
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   pytest
pep517==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
pika==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
platformdirs==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
protobuf==4.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mysql-connector-python
psutil==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
pybrake==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pylama
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydash==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pylama
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pylama
pylama==8.3.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyudorandom==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tdigest
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.27.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
    #   virtualenv
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydocstyle
tdigest==0.5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pybrake
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   pep517
    #   pytest
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.13.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
Authlib==1.0.1
dotmap==1.3.30
graphviz==0.20.1
lxml==4.9.1
Markdown==3.4.1
pydub==0.25.1
python-docx==0.8.11
python_dateutil==2.8.2
PyYAML==6.0
requests_toolbelt==0.9.1
slackclient==2.9.4
mutagen==1.45.1
